So this is the general retail store file.
And it is defined inside the package airline and we have imported the Java AWG package which will help
us to create graphical user interface and a blue dot event package which will help us to manage events
happening on the buttons or in our window.
Importing the.
Haskell package, which will help us to connect with our database.
Then we have imported the Java export swing framework and that's the package here that is inside provided
by this library.
After that, we have defined the class journey details, which is extending the frame.
There is an instance variable of type J stable and named as stable.
There are labels as well named as reservation details.
Panel number Ticket ID F Code Gen Y, Date Gen Y time that will be journey date journey time source
destination label and Label one.
Then there is a potential.
Static void main stream Argus.
No new journey details.
This will create the instance of the current class whenever it will be called and execute the constructor.
Here is the constructor that is non parameterized constructor and setting the title as journey details.
Set the background color as white for that complete window.
Before close operation by using j from exit on close setting the layout as null and visibility of the
window as true then.
There is a label named as source and setting the font for it that will be font family as stoma, font
type as plain and font size is 19.
After that, we have set the bound for the font label source.
Location is 6100 and its size is one 5027, adding that sauce labels to a large frame or window.
Defining another.
J label named as destination setting the font for that label whose font family is Tahoma font type s
plain.
Font size as 19.
Setting the bond for that.
Destination.
Who's.
Location is 350 from 108 sizes.
150.
Cross 27.
Adding that label to our frame or window.
Initializing the button labelled as show.
Setting the bound for the button location has 684 and 100 and its size is as 100 comma 100.
Cross 30.
Adding the show button to our DJ frame or window.
Setting the default close operation of the frame as I don't close.
Under the label as reservation details and image label journey details.
Labelled as genuine details.
Then there is the resolution detail.
Setting the foreground color for it.
That will be blue of blue color.
Setting the font for it.
Who's font family will be the font type as plane and font size is 31.
After that, we have set the bond for the label.
Whose location is to take all my 27 sizes?
359 gross 31 adding that to our frame.
Then we have the number label.
Setting the font for the number.
Font family has Tahoma.
Font type as plain and font size as 13.
Setting the bound for it.
Whose location is 79 common to 70 and its size is 83 across 20.
Adding that number label to over.
J frame window.
Another label as ticket ID.
Setting the font for those five font families.
Tahoma font.
De Beers.
Berlin font size is 13.
It is setting bond for the ticket.
That is 172.
Comma 270 it is location and its size is 71 over 20, adding that ticket date to our frame or window.
Then we will have F code label F code setting font for it.
Font family stoma font size as plain and.
Sorry, font size is 13 and font type is plain.
Then setting bound for that label, that will be location.
As to 97, comma to 70 it size will be 103 across 20.
Adding the label to our frame or window.
After that, we have another label as Journey Date, abbreviated as G and Y on the score date setting
the font for the Journey Date label whose font families Tahoma font type is plain and font size is 13,
setting the bound for it whose location is 390 comma to 70 and its size is 94.
Cross 20.
Adding that Gen Y journey date to our DJ frame.
Then there is a journey time new label as Journey Time.
And.
After that we have.
Set the font for the journey time font family has Tahoma font type plain font sizes 13 setting the bound.
For that.
Label location has for 94 comma to 70 and its size is 83 comma 20.
Adding it to our frame or window.
Another label as source.
Setting font for the source.
I think.
Wait a minute.
Source and destination have been defined previously.
So this source and destination will be for the selection of the string item from these combo works.
So don't get confused that they are repetitive.
They are repetitive but for a specified meaning.
After that we have set here font family stoma font type as plane font size is 15.
Setting the bound for that new label source.
All sizes 94 across 20 location is 613 common to 70 adding the sauce to our j frame or windows similarly
for the destination here.
We have added the destination whose font families Tahoma font type is plane font size sizes 13.
Setting the bound for it whose location is 717.
Comma to 70 and its size is 94.
Cross 20.
Adding the destination to the DJ frame.
After that we have defined a string, a string item one which is inside which we have defined the source.
Bangalore, Mumbai.
Chennai, Patna.
Delhi, Hyderabad.
And DJ combo box.
Which will create a dropdown menu by using the string item once.
Setting the bond for the combo box location is one of 5100 and sizes 150 class 27 adding that combo
box to our frame.
After that, defining the string to which will be used for destination.
Defining another combo box.
Bypassing the string array.
Setting bond for the combo box.
Which location is 500, 100 and its sizes 150 class 27 adding that combo box to over j frame.
Then we have defined rear axle snow for the button show.
Inside which we have defined the method action performed, which is taken the argument as action event
inside the try block.
We have fetched the source from the combo box of source and destination from the combo.
Box of destination.
Now created the connection object of the connection class.
See.
Define the string str query select string form reservation where source is equals to s, r, c and destination
is equals to DST.
IRS will execute the query passed.
In it, which is still a string.
If I start next will iterate over the.
Results of.
The.
Record.
It will trade over the record of the resolution.
Let me change it to.
Wait a minute.
Let me have a look on flight info class.
It's a.
Execute query and tailor set.
Sure.
Let me remove this.
This if statement is not needed as we have not to.
Match anything will be removing that bracket as well.
Otherwise, it will show better.
Uh.
Now.
Here.
We will be removing this for some time as well.
Let me highlight this.
Yes.
Now it will show.
So the that model will set the model of the table.
Now, this will handle the exception.
If any occurs, a new table defines setting the bound for it, adding it to table.
A scroll panel for the table.
Setting the bound for the table.
Background color as white and adding it to our panel.
Setting the size of the window.
8860 600.
Location is four in Red Cross 200.
And the visibility of the current window is to let's have a look at running of this.
So let me run this.
So this is how it will look like if I chose anything like from partner but not to Delhi.
Let's see what happens here.
So it is showing now I have added the data in my database.
So that is showing from the information.
So this is the information.
Let's close it.
So this is about the journey data class and we will be learning about the last two classes in our next
video.